Vaga
====

##### Vagas Selecionadas

	* [ Área de Jornalismo ]
	* [ Área de Semântica ]
	* [ Tsuru: Plataforma como serviço ]	
	* [ Plataforma de Cadastro ]
	* [ Plataforma de Personalização ]
	* [ Plataforma de Comentários ]

CV
==

###PERSONAL INFORMATION

##### Jefferson Rodrigues de Almeida

	* phone: + 55 81 9905 7201
	* E-mail: jra@cin.ufpe.br
	* Skype: almeidajefferson
	* Date of birth: 30 Mar 89 | Nationality: Brazilian

###EDUCATION AND TRAINING

##### MSc in Software Engineering
 
	* Goal: To propose tools for checking safe evolution of Software Product Lines
	to increase development productivity and customer satisfaction.
	* University: Center for Informatics - Federal University Of Pernambuco. www.cin.ufpe.br
	* Advisor: Paulo Borba. http://www.cin.ufpe.br/~phmb/
	* Working Time: 01 January 2012 – 30 March 2014
	
	Main subjects - Grade

	* Advanced Topics in Software Engineering 3 - A
	* Advanced Topics in Programming Languages 2 - A
	* Management and Systems Integration - A
	* Programming Paradigms - A

##### B.Sc in Computer Science
	* University: Federal University Of Uberlandia. www.ufu.br
	* Working Time: 01 January 2009 – 30 December 2011

##### Winter Course in Introduction to Space Technologies
	
	Brazilian National Institute for Space Research – INPE (http://www.inpe.br/)

	* We had 32 lectures in the following areas: Computer Science, Engineering, Space Science, and Earth Observation. 
	Additionally, we had a short-term technical internship.
	* Student Evaluation: Excellent
	* Working Time: Winter of 2010 

###WORK EXPERIENCE

##### Mobile Test Engineer
	
	Motorola Mobility - Brazil Test Center

	* Responsible for stability testing of Motorola phones. Ability to script the test suites, monitor the execution,
	and manage / analyze / present / and triage the results. Increase efficiency and consistency in test execution while
	also innovating to help debug particularly difficult issues. Identify and drive major improvements.
	* Training in Mobile Application Development - Grade Average: Higher than 80%
	* Working Time: 12 September 2011 – 31 May 2012 

##### Scientific Initiation Scholarship Holder – Research Project

	Brazilian Government - CNPq ( http://www.cnpq.br/)

	* Goal: To study the applicability of the information retrieval technique 
	Latent Semantic Indexing (LSI) in tracking software defects.
	* Working Time: 01 August 2010 – 01 August 2011 

##### Scholarship Holder for Monitor Disciplines - Functional Programming with Haskell
	
	Brazilian Government - CNPq ( http://www.cnpq.br/)

	* Goal: To assist the student staff, under the supervision of a professor,
	for guidance in laboratory and educational work and student support.
	* Working Time: 21 February 2009 – 21 July 2009 

###PERSONAL SKILLS
	
##### LANGUAGES

	* Portuguese: Proficient User
	* English: Proficient User
	* French: Basic User

##### COMPUTER SKILLS

	* Solid Object Orientated Programming and Design Patterns background
	* Vastly experienced in Java
	* Some knowledge with Groovy on Grails, PHP, C, Python, Prolog, Haskell, Action Script, HTML, CSS, and XML
	* Database Administration: MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle
	* Experience of using Code Versioning tools such as SVN and GIT
	* Frameworks and Methodologies: Experience with Eclipse RCP applications, J2EE, J2ME, Hibernate,
	Test Driven Development / Unit tests, Selenium IDE, Rational Unified Process, UML modeling
	* Development of Software Product Lines, Android Applications, Mobile Application Testing
	* Easy Learning Programming Languages and passion for software development

###ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

##### Volunteer Work:
      
	* In this project, we delivered computer classes for young people from poor communities in order
	to increase their chances in the labor market and support them to enter the federal universities.
	  
##### Honours and awards:

	* Fastest Problem Solver: Android Programming Hackathon (Sponsored by Mobile Companies).
      As a reward, I received a job offer.
    * Third Best Project: The SoTeSoLa Hackathon on Reverse Engineering (Sponsored by Google).
	
##### Teaching Programming Languages:
		
	* Teaching courses on programming languages at the Federal Rural University of Pernambuco.